Fixed 35653 -- Added ssl_cafile to smtp email backend to support private certificate authority (#18456)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

  returns a boolean indicating whether a provided text is contained in the
  email ``body`` and in all attached MIME type ``text/*`` alternatives.

> * The SMTP email backend now supports certificate validation by setting
>   ``ssl_cafile`` in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SMTP :class:`~django.core.mail.backends.smtp.EmailBackend` now supports
  certificate validation by setting the new ``ssl_cafile`` parameter.
```
